User Stories
	- Common to most agile methodologies
	- Popular with new teams
	- Large point of struggle
	
What is a story?
	1. Brief - Designed to encourage interaction
	2. High level - Allows you to defer details
	
What is not a story?
	1. Detailed requirements - Defers design to the responsible moment
	2. Set in stone - Designed to be flexible
	
A story - is a placeholder for a conversation.

The Story Format
	1. As a (position name),
		e.g. As a salesperson,
	2. I want to (wanted to do),
		e.g. I want to create a quarterly forecast,
	3. So that (reason for the said task).
		e.g. So that I may share my sales goals.
		
A story must be an INVEST
	1. Independent - can stand on its own
	2. Negotiable - can be change and rewritten
	3. Valuable - the story has a value to the end user
	4. Estimate-able - the story must be small enought can be estimate when it can be finish
	5. Small - the story must to be able to complete
	6. Testable - the story can be testable for implmentation
	
	
Epics - set of stories that are related and considered as one big story	and must be 
deliverable as a whole

Qualities of Epics	
	1. Captures a complete workflow towards a goal
	2. Not deliverable until all stories are complete
	3. Can cater to multiple users

	
Themes - set of stories that are related and can be delivered individualy	
		
Qualities of Themes	
	1. Stories are related, or all serve a similar goal
	2. Do not need to encapsulate a workflow
	3. Can be delivered independently of one another
		
		
What are Roles?
	1. Represents groups of users - Rather than individual users
	2. Derived from the characteristics of the group - Based on the group'said
		interest in the system
			

Persona - a fictional character that represents a user of the application
		
Roles versus Personas
	Roles - Represent a group of users
	Personas - Represent individual users
			 - Creates a backstory for a role
			 - Differetiates between similar roles
			 
Which Roles should we create a Persona?
	1. Frequently used roles - Not all roles will become personas
	2. Relationship mapping - Who are the key users of the application
	
Advantage of Relationship Mapping
	1. Identify new users
	2. Highlights interactions between users
	3. Shows influence
	
Choosers versus Users
	1. Chooser - Those who are paying for the system
	2. Users Those who are using the system
		
Creating Personas
	1. Name
	2. Photo
	3. Role
	4. Description
	
In Addition
	1. Key Quote
	2. Professional Title
	3. User Demographics
	
Pitfalls when using Personas
	1. Using photos of celebrities - Free the team of preconceived notions
	2. Narrowly defining the backstory - Personas should expand a role, not limit it
	
Getting the most from Personas
	1. Make them visible
	2. Keep them current
	3. Tell "stories from the field"
	4. Refer to them by Name


Splitting Stories

Big stories disadvantages
	1. Tough to estimate
	2. Work is not distributed well
	3. Bigger misses
	
Advantages of Small Stories
	1. More flexibility in release planning
	2. Easier negotiation with product owner
	3. Can save development work
	
How big is too big?
	1. When does the team become uncomfortable - Teams will have less confidence as stories grow
	2. Where does the team become less accurate - This number is a trigger for breaking down stories

Splitting Stories approach
	1. Horizontally - User interface, Server Side, Database Layer
	   Disadvantages of Splitting Horizontally	
			a. Horizontal slices provide no value
			b. Difficult to testable
			c. Promotes silos
	2. Vertically - basic profiles details, additional profile details, social network integration
		Advantages of Splitting Vertically
			a. Delivers smaller pieces of functionality
			b. Encourage well rounded developers
			c. Stories are more testable
		Disadvantages of Splitting Vertically
			a. Can feel unfamiliar to many teams - Especially teams from siloed backgrounds
			b. Pushes people out of their comfort zone - Can result in an drop in productivity
		
Techniques for Splitting Stories	
	1. Seams
		a. Story Splitting Patterns
			i. Workflow
			ii. Roles
			iii. Positive and negative cases
			iv. Illities
			    Common Illities
					- How secure is the system
					- How reliable is the system
					- How scalable is the system
				Splitting by Illities
					- Allows feedback on stories early -> Team can focuson Illities in parallel
					- Prevents unnecessary work -> Many stories are reworked or dropped entirely
			v. Third party dependencies
				Splitting by 3rd Party Dependencies
					- Allows focus on the core story -> Polish once dependencies become available
					- Allows blocking of the primary story -> Complete once blockers are removed
			vi. spikes
				Estimating with Unknowns
					- Working with unfamiliar code
					- Using a new technology
					- Solving an unusual problem
				Breaking Story in Two
					- A spike to investigate the problem -> Learn just enough to estimate the work
					- A story to do the work -> complete the actual task
				Getting the Most out of the Spikes
					- Timebox the investigation
					- Specify clear goals
		

Whats Gets a Story to Done
	1. Meeting the customer's expectations
	2. Meeting the team's expectations
		
What the Customer Wants
	1. Does what's expected
	2. Does not crash
	3. Easy to use
	
What the Team Wants
	1. High quality code
	2. Unit tested
	3. Peer reviewed
	
Acceptance Criteria
	1. User stories are high level - Allows stories to remain flexible
	2. Acceptance criteria provides more detail - Fills in the gaps left by user stories
	
Acceptance CRiteria Format
	1. Given 
	2. When
	3. Then
	
	
Scrum Management Tool Terms.
	1. Current - curent items to working
	2. Backlog - next item to be work on
	3. Icebox - holding pen for task but not yet related to backlog for not to loose track
	4. Epics - large stories/task
	
2 Stories Management Tools	
1. Stikies notes properties
	a. More tangiable
	b. More flexible
2. Electronics Tools	
	a. Better for archiving stories
	b. Better for distributed teams
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
A sample Business Requirements	

The Globomantics Audio Refdeemer
Gobomantics has developed the next wave in audio excellence. No longer is your music 
doomed to a life in it's compact discdungeon, instead it can
finally be liberated to accompany you on all of your adventure, through the magic
of your portable player.

Here's how it works:
	1. An audiophile hungry for music liberation places their CD into the kiosk.
	2. They then plug their Portable Media Player into the kiosk's USB slot
	3. THe Kiosk automatically rips all of their CDs directly to their Portable MediaPlayer.
	
Requirements
	1. Users can insert any CD into the kiosk
		a. If the user likes we'll keep their CD and recycle it for them
	2. Users will plug their device into the kiosk.
	3. We can periodically empty the kiosk and pickup the CDs for recycling.
	4. We will charge a convenience fee for the process of ripping their music
		to their device. This fee will be paid by credit card.
	5. We can pull reports from the kiosk to see how it's doing.
		a. Usage reports
		b. Financial reports
		c. Diagnostic reports
		

		
Stories Method Approach		

A. Roles for the system
	1. Customers - Rips their CDs to their devices
	2. Service people - Performs periodic maintenance on the kiosk
	3. Owners - Reports on the kiosk to manage the business
	
B. Stories 
	1. A Single Story
		"We can periodically empty the kiosk and pickup the CDs for recycling."
		story - "As a serviceperson,  
				I want to empty the CDs,
				So that may be recycled."
				
	2. An Epic Story
		"Users can insert any CD into the kiosk"
	   "Users will plug their device into the kiosk"
	    story - "As a customer,
				I want to rip music to my device,
				So I can listen to it on the go."
		Story has been separated
			a. Insert a CD
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to insert a CD into the kiosk,
						so I can rip its contents to my device."
			b. Plug in a device
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to plug my device into the kiosk,
						so I can load it with the contents of my CD."
			c. Select the songs
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to  select the songs I'd like to rip,
						so I can only rip the music I want."
			d. Pay by credit card
				story - "As a owner,
						I want the customer to pay for this service by credit,
						so I can generate revenue from this service."
			e. Rip the music to the device
				story - "As a customer,
						I want the music to ripped from my CD to my device,
						so I can enjoy music on the go."
			f. Prompt for CD recycling
				story - "As a owner,
						I want to prompt the user to recycle their CD,
						so I can generate incremental revenue from reselling CDs."
	
	3. 	A Theme of Stories
		"We can pull reports from the kiosk to see how it's doing.
		a. Usage reports
		b. Financial reports
		c. Diagnostic reports"
		story - "As a serviceperson,
				I want to view a report of the peak times of day,
				so I can schedule service calls with minimal interruption."
		story - "As an owner,
				I want to view a report of the types of music being ripped,
				so I can find secondary buyers who will give us the best prices for used CDs."	
		story - As an owner,
				I want to view a report of the types of devices being ripped to,
				so I can offer upsells to the customer specific to those devices."
		
		
C. Personas		
	1.  Name - Suzy
		Details - Role: Customer
				  Suzy wants to rip her CDs so she no longer
				  has to carry them, and a separateddevice, enjoy her music
		Goal - "I want to get rid of these CDs!"	

	2. Name - Stan
	   Details - Role: service person
				 Stan wants to keep the kiosk running smoothly
				 and easily perform routine maintenance on it.
	   Goal - "I just want to be home by dinner"
		
D. Splitting Stories
	1. Workflow
			1st Priority
			a. Insert a CD
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to insert a CD into the kiosk,
						so I can rip its contents to my device."
			b. Plug in a device
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to plug my device into the kiosk,
						so I can load it with the contents of my CD."
			
			e. Rip the music to the device
				story - "As a customer,
						I want the music to ripped from my CD to my device,
						so I can enjoy music on the go."
			
			2nd Priority
			c. Select the songs
				story - "As a customer,
						I want to  select the songs I'd like to rip,
						so I can only rip the music I want."
			
			3rd Priority 
			d. Pay by credit card
				story - "As a owner,
						I want the customer to pay for this service by credit,
						so I can generate revenue from this service."
			
			f. Prompt for CD recycling
				story - "As a owner,
						I want to prompt the user to recycle their CD,
						so I can generate incremental revenue from reselling CDs."
	
	2. Illities 
		a. story - "As a customer,
				I want to rip music to my device,
				So I can listen to it on the go."
				
		
		   story - "As a customer,
				I want to rip an album of 60 minutes of music to my 
				device in under 5 minutes,
				
				So I can complete the process quickly."
				
		b. story - "As an owner,
				    I want the customer to pay for this service by credit,
					so I can generate revenue from this service."
					
		   story - "As an owner,
					I want credit card information to be encrypted during
					transmission,
					so I can fully protect the business from liability."
		
	3. Spiked
		a. story - "As an owner,
				    I want the customer to pay for this service by credit,
					so I can generate revenue from this service."
					
					
		   story - 	"As a developer,
					I want to investigate the steps for credit card processing,
					so I can estimate the work required to incorporate it in our 
					product."		
					
		   		
					
					